This program gives the next best move given the current state. THe input should be of the form:
RNBQKBNRPPPPPPPP................................pppppppprnbqkbnr
This game is little different from chess.
The game is played by two players on a board consisting of a grid of 8  8 squares. Initially, each player
has sixteen pieces: 8 Parakeets, 2 Robins, 2 Nighthawks, 2 Blue jays, 1 Quetzal, and 1 Kingsher. The two
players alternate turns, with White going rst. On each turn, a player moves exactly one of his or her pieces,
possibly capturing (removing) a piece of the opposite player in the process, according to the following rules:
• A Parakeet may move one square forward, if no other piece is on that square. Or, a Parakeet may
move one square forward diagonally (one square forward and one square left or right) if a piece of the
opposite player is on that square, in the process capturing that piece from the board. If a Parakeet
reaches the far row of the board (closest to the opposite player), it is transformed into a Quetzal. On
its very rst move of the game, a Parakeet may move forward two squares as long as both are empty.
• A Robin may move any number of squares either horizontally or vertically, landing on either an empty
square or a piece of the opposite player (which is then captured), as long as all the squares between
the starting and ending positions are empty.
• A Blue jay is like a Robin, but moves along diagonal 
ight paths instead of horizontal or vertical ones.
• A Quetzal is like a combination of a Robin and a Blue jay: it may move any number of empty squares
horizontally, vertically, or diagonally, and land either on an empty square or on a piece of the opposite
player (which is then captured).
• A Kingsher may move one square in any direction, horizontally or vertically, either to an empty square
or to capture a piece of the opposing player.
• A Nighthawk moves in L shaped patterns on the board, either two squares to the left or right followed
by one square forward or backward, or one square left or right followed by two squares forward or
backward. It may 
y over any pieces on the way, but the destination square must either be empty or
have a piece of the opposite player (which is then captured).
